The Joe Rogan experience.
I can start releasing from my archives. Even like pastoral hands performances.
You could hear Jeff Scott laughing in the corner and stuff. Jeff's so sad. Yeah.
I miss him. I miss him.
Too. I miss him so much. That made me so sad. And.
It hit me coming by surprise because you don't realize you've been,
this is,
this person has been a part of your life for so long because you just seem like
you're doing a set at the comedy store.
I have a different situation because I've been with Jeff since 94, 94, 95,
I think he came around and then, you know, we were,
I hadn't seen him for so long. And then, um,
when I came back to the store and in 2014,
he was like one of the first people I saw. And, uh,
he had, he was just always there,
man. He was, he was always a sweet guy, always hugging everybody.
When I found out he died. One of the first things I felt like is like,
I don't think he would have died if it wasn't for this pandemic.
I felt like.
I think it hit a lot of us that way.
Too, he was such a part of the store. He was the,
one of the biggest parts as to, without being a comic,
without being a guy who actually got on stage,
he was one of the biggest parts of the store.
And that felt like 10 months of him having no
connection. You know, that was everything. He was there every night, man. Yeah.
I hugged that guy. Every time I saw him.
He, he was like a performer without being a performer.
Like obviously he did the piano,
but he had such great comedy instincts having done performing in his past and
such. Cause you've been the clubs before and they're sound guys and they're.
Like, yeah, they're.
Not really, they're not, but this guy, he was like jazz man. Like, yeah.
He was, he was a.
Performer. He was a performer.
There've been times when I was doing Lance or whatever.
And he would just like turn on a certain song and it was never disruptive.
It was always additive.
And to think about not having that,
when we go back and for it to happen during all of this,
to where you can't even like properly process, what, what, there was a zoom,
there was a zoom room where people could pop in and kind of like talk about Jeff
and have all these Jess stories. And like I had to hop in there and it was,
it was so many people. There's so many great comics, big comics too.
Like the zoom room was like a hundred people. Just, it was,
it was great to at least have that.
So it sucked to have something that seismic happen in a vacuum.
It was a ritual that I would do not a ritual,
just like a thing that I would always do pull into the parking lot,
say hi to everybody,
hug all the people that I saw and go to the back smoking area.
And I'd always find Jeff Scott getting high. Always I get high with him.
I give him a big hug and I go, how much, how many more people for I go on?
And he'd be like, well, you know,
Jeff Ross is on stage now you've got like two more people and then you, I go,
okay. And then, then I would go. He was like, he was,
he was a part of the foundation. He was, he was,
he was so important, man, when he was gone, I was like, oh Mike, no,
he heard as much as Brody. It hurt. And it hurt as much as anybody.
And it creeps up on you.
You don't realize every set that I've done at the comedy store. He's,
he's been a part of. And what I loved about Jeff is he,
he was willing to play and play is such a big part.
Somebody stand up,
you could be so self serious and think that you're changing the world.
And there is that, but sometimes it's fun to just have fun.
And I would get these harebrained ideas of like, oh, here's a music cue.
Let's do this.
And he would be chomping at the bit because most comics just play up, play off.
Right. But if I'm like,
I need him to play some piano or I need them to play this song.
He kind of lit up cause it was like a mini musical or something. Right. And,
and like seeing his spark because a lot of times I'll go to a city and I'm like,
I have these sound cues and you can see them kind of like roll their eyes or
like, uh, it's more work. But Jeff was more than down.
And he was embedded in the DNA of the comedy store. He was different. How long?
20 years? 25 years more.
Yeah. I think he was 26 years when he died.
And he's the unofficial archivist of,
of the comedy store because that place is notorious for no cameras, no filming.
But sometimes he would have his flip cam from.
Will remember everything. Yeah. He had an amazing.
Memory,
but he has this amazing catalog of magical moments at that place that now I
think the store is working with the family and stuff to try to retrieve,
especially in a pandemic. Have you noticed like the comedy stores,
Instagram what's unfortunate is that I love that place.
You love that place. It's such a magic, but it's, it's this black box.
No one knows the magic that happened there.
We know. And we know that the fans know the people,
that there was a lot of people that would go there. Get there, get that band.
I ain't get it off. Over that top band too.
You got another band can all the clothes off. They had two bands on,
I don't understand the double band thing.
He is the people that would go there a lot.
They knew that was one of the beautiful things is like I ran into this dude,
um, before, uh,
everything locked down and he was talking to me about a very specific bit.
And he was like, I just love how that is changed. You know,
you started out this way and then I could see that you saw that there was like a
problem with it that way. And then you snuck it in the back door on another way.
And then it started to pop. I love those fans.
The hardcore ones kind of like can see the process.
Like guys who love jazz, who don't play any musical instruments.
Most people are.
Like that, but I've noticed there's, there's two store fans.
There's two audiences. There's a physical audience.
The people who go there in LA and like, like that guy can see the nuance.
And then there's the online audience.
You don't realize how big the store is just sort of culturally and throughout
the country, they can't go to the store every day. So they don't know.
And it's almost like the online version is,
is their version of the store.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.